Adding kafka landing page (#6442)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/kafka/index.md

---

> title: Kafka Transport
> summary: A Kafka based transport for NServiceBus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Kafka integration
summary: Kafka integration into the Particular Service Platform
```

reviewed: 2024-01-24
---

![Kafka logo](https://apache.org/logos/res/kafka/kafka_highres.png)

> We are considering creating a Kafka based transport for NServiceBus, but we need your help to better shape this transport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are gauging interest and gathering insights into the relevant use cases for Kafka integration in the Particular Service Platform and we need your help!
```

> Please complete [this survey](https://2wq02jeoug5.typeform.com/to/bpjaVSDF) to help us design the best Kafka transport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please complete [this survey](https://2wq02jeoug5.typeform.com/to/bpjaVSDF) to help us understand your use cases to build the best possible integration with Kafka.
```
